this is my review of the heavy case from
kevy kev calm it's a leather case for
the actual zoom very nicely made case
nice leather texture cowhide texture as
I'm all the cutouts for the zoom and
it's uh it's his new version this
version compared to some of the other
ones whose had actually has inside a
plastic as opposed to the cardboard so
that it gives you better I would say
it's more compact and it's also more
rigid as you stand it up or use some of
the features of the case let's go ahead
and insert the zoom see how all of the
porch they exposed will tuck this right
here in the bottom and let's review how
the porch or expose so here are your
charging ports your ports for connecting
to a pc with your USB as well you have
accessible also your audio you see that
successful it's easy to grab you have
here your headset jack with access to
your actual camera one of the things
that was concerning me originally when i
looked at this case was you'll notice
i'll see if i can put in an angle you
can see that it's kind of little raised
from the bottom where the camera is i
was concerned that with that cover up
the camera i can tell in my testing it
really doesn't and i would expect that
with time that leather will kind of
stretch out a little bit or will kind of
rest more but it's it's not a major
deal-breaker there you also have your
LED component or compartment here so you
can see you can see right through there
that the LED is actually going off as i
have some emails that have come in and
the other thing that this has is a
magnetic enclosure so when you do close
the case it will not open so as i hold
it this way you'll notice that it has
not opened because it has a magnetic
closure there so when you open it up it
has a little snap to
it also supports this little connection
here so that you can actually stand it
up we have our openings for our speakers
and for our camera let's see how it
would look in a let's a keyboard mode go
ahead and face the flat behind that and
turn on the Zuni and as you can see
again pretty sturdy no problems there
and it gives you a good typing area I
can also position at this one for movie
viewing again also very sturdy and all I
think it's a good case some of you have
made comments about this case in the
past about not being able to plug it in
what with the case on to charge
overnight especially since once you
close up those ports are open or
actually closed I don't see a big
problem that I actually as I place my
case to charge have no problem keeping
it open like this I use my my zoom at
night for reading and most times when I
put it back on my nightstand it is open
anyway so having that exposed only when
its open doesn't present a major
drawback for me the case is very slim
that was the other thing that he had
mentioned and said that he had done some
changes or modifications to make it
slimmer tighter fit I can tell you all
in all it's a great case especially for
for the volume there are not many good
cases out there for the zoom yet so if
you are interested I'd consider this
case thank you